more-info pages for unsupported systems (#15229)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/more-info/unsupported/os.markdown

---
title: "Operating System"
description: "More information on why the OS marks the installation as unsupported."
---

## The issue

> There are only 2 supported operating systems to run the supervisor on,
> Home Assistant OS and Debian 10 (Buster), these are the only 2 operating systems
> that is actively tested and where we will solve issues caused by the operating system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are only two supported operating systems to run the Supervisor on:

- Home Assistant OS
- Debian 10 (Buster)

These operating systems are actively tested and maintained, for use with the Supervisor.
```

## The solution

> You need to reinstall the host running the supervisor on one of the supported
> operating systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to reinstall the host machine running the Supervisor on one of the supported
operating systems.
```

> The best approach here is to take a full snapshot of your current installation
> from the supervisor panel, then reinstall your host with Home Assistant OS or
> Debian 10 (buster).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The best approach here is to take a full snapshot of your current installation
from the Supervisor panel, then reinstall your host with one of the supported
operating systems.
```

If the host is a virtual machine or a supported board you can use our [appliance images](/hassio/installation/).

> If not you can get [debian from here](https://www.debian.org/) and use our [convenience installation script](https://github.com/home-assistant/supervised-installer), make sure you make it compliant with [ADR0014](https://github.com/home-assistant/architecture/blob/master/adr/0014-home-assistant-supervised.md), the convenience script will handle most of that for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If not you can get [Debian from here](https://www.debian.org/) and use our [convenience installation script](https://github.com/home-assistant/supervised-installer), make sure you make it compliant with [ADR-0014](https://github.com/home-assistant/architecture/blob/master/adr/0014-home-assistant-supervised.md), the convenience script will handle most of that for you.
```

> When the new host is setup and you can reach the Home Assistant frontend, you can upload and restore the snapshot you made earlier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the new host is set up and you can reach the Home Assistant frontend, you can upload and restore the snapshot you made earlier.
```
